
Hi, today we're going to explain the plot of the movie called *Babysitter Blackbook*, which was released in 2015. Should I talk first, or should I just... Well, let's start with the story.

There's a girl named Ashley Gordon, and she's one of four girls who have a project called Family Buddies, a babysitting service to help busy parents. Ashley started this service with her three best friends: Janet, the popular girl; Gilly, the artist; and the multi-talented Rachel. And now, her team is growing. Her teacher was impressed with her project but advised Ashley to look for ways to expand her business.

To make a long story short, Ashley, who was having dinner with her parents, happily told them that her project was going very well. But suddenly, her mother broke the news that she had closed her business. This was bad news for the family, especially for Ashley, who was about to start college.

Her father frantically explained to Ashley that they had looked at every angle. The only thing they could do was to borrow Ashley's college money to pay some bills. Ashley was shocked to hear this, but they promised to pay her back. However, Ashley might have to go to Community College. Ashley was angry that she had studied hard, but in the end, she would have to go to Community College. She slammed the table and walked away from dinner.

Meanwhile, Rachel and Janet were seen enjoying a girls' night out. They were trying on new clothes that Rachel had bought. Janet asked where she got the clothes. Rachel casually replied that it was all from Mr. Park, the father of the children in her care. Janet was shocked to hear this. She hadn't expected her friend to be having sex with her client.

Rachel thought it was all an improvisation. She had taken Family Buddies to the next level. She was ready to help Janet do the same. Instead of having free sex with jocks, it's better to have it with older men and get paid for it. Older men were more seductive anyway, Rachel said.

That same night, Ashley, now at the house of her clients, Linda and Mark, still looked confused and sad about her current fate. When Linda asked her about her problem, she explained that her parents had to use her college money to pay the bills, so her dream of attending a university had to be buried, and she had to continue her education at a community college. Linda and Mark tried to calm Ashley down. Because of the heavy rain, Mark drove Ashley home. Mark promised to help Ashley get into a better state university, and that made Ashley happy. So she hugged him, but suddenly, Mark returned the hug with a pampering kiss that made Ashley blush.

The next day, Ashley went to Mark's house to finish her college application. At that time, Linda and her children went to her mother's house, so it was just the two of them. They talked about Ashley's studies at her new university. Mark offered to take Ashley on a tour of her future college alone with Mark. Ashley felt bad about going with someone else's husband, but Mark insisted that he would book a separate room, so Ashley agreed.

The next day, graduation was announced at the school. Ashley saw her name on the board and realized that she was number one, beating out her rival, Harper. The four girls were very happy. They planned to celebrate the happy day on Sunday, but Ashley refused because she wanted to apply to one of the famous universities, Pressman. Her friends were confused because earlier she had difficulty raising money to study at her favorite university, and now she wanted to apply to a university that costs much more. But Ashley would try to find a way out.

The day Ashley had been waiting for finally arrived. She and Mark drove to the Pressman campus. They toured the campus, and Mark told her what he knew about it. Ashley looked very happy afterward. They bought one of the famous hot dogs in the place. While enjoying the hot dog, Ashley saw a flyer that said there would be a band playing that night. Unfortunately, their plane had to leave that day, but Mark promised that he could push back his schedule and they could see the band together. Ashley was thrilled to hear this, but she had to focus on her interview that day in the afternoon.

Ashley arrived with good news. She was sure she would pass because the interviewer liked her Family Buddies project. Mark presented Ashley with a beautiful black dress. Ashley was excited and hugged Mark. She immediately tried on the dress, and of course, Ashley looked so beautiful that Mark was amazed. They immediately got ready to go see the band they had planned to see in the evening.

Ashley and Mark arrived at the concert. They drank beer and soaked up the atmosphere. The romantic air began to spread throughout the room, making them dance intimately. The world seemed to belong to them as they kissed passionately. Ashley and Mark loved it, and neither held back. Mark walked Ashley back to the hotel. When they arrived at the hotel, Ashley wanted to go to her room, but Mark offered to take her to his room. And that's when the pent-up desire started to come out. They made out and forgot everything. Everything. The forbidden relationship was inevitable. They enjoyed the night like lovers.

The next day, Mark woke Ashley. Ashley thought silently about what had happened. She already thought of Linda as her second mother, and Mark realized that he also said that he loved Linda and would always love her. Their current relationship was just as friends. All right. Mark then changed the subject by saying that Ashley didn't have to worry about her studies because he would take care of everything, starting with tuition, food, and housing. Naturally, Ashley was happy to hear this.

After returning from her vacation with Mark, Ashley returned to her school. She was told by the counselor that she might have a good chance at Pressman, but she had to remember not to put too much faith in it because a lot of people had gotten their hearts broken over it. Up some mushy story about my time. Ashley immediately told Mark and thanked him in the hallway of the school. She met Janet and Rachel, who now looked so sexy. They wore tight clothes and became the center of attention of the other students. Ashley was quite surprised to see them. They immediately went up to Gilly and saw her reaction. Gilly made a joke about whether it was World Day. They just laughed and went to the coffee shop together.

In the car, Ashley asked what had caused the change in their appearance. At first, Janet and Rachel were a little secretive about their little project, but after being pressed by Gilly, they confessed that they had created a new product for Family Buddies, which was themselves. Ashley and Gilly looked confused at first, but suddenly, they understood what this meant. All right, Rachel explained that it was the next level of Family Buddies. After arriving at the park, they both offered to include Gilly and Ashley in their project, but Gilly and Ashley declined the offer.

During the day, Ashley met with Mark at his office. She and Mark are now having an affair. She did not come to Mark's office to discuss lectures; rather, she came to satisfy both of their desires. The incident at the hotel was repeated at Mark's office. This time, Ashley did not think long. She immediately took action to remove her clothes, which Mark then followed.

In the afternoon, Ashley went to see Daniel, who was watching movies in his room. She wanted to talk to him about chemistry, but Daniel didn't seem too interested. He was a little surprised to see Ashley looking more beautiful. Daniel invited Ashley to the party that night. She was reluctant at first, but then she agreed because it was her first time at a party. They went to the party that night. Ashley looked so beautiful that Rachel was surprised by her appearance. They danced under the twinkling lights to disco music. When the party was over, Daniel drove Ashley home. They exchanged glances at the front door without realizing it. Their gaze deepened until they kissed. The innocent Ashley was now a mature woman.

The next day, Ashley received a delivery of orchid flowers with a note of longing from Mark. When her mother asked about the flowers, Ashley said they were from Daniel, the boy who had invited her to the party last night. Later that night, Ashley and Mark went out together, and Mark asked if Ashley liked the flowers. Ashley loved the gift, but Mark then asked where Ashley had been last night because he hadn't been able to reach her. Ashley admitted that she had gone to the party with a male friend. Mark then asked if Ashley had slept with her male friend, which made Ashley angry because she felt that Mark was meddling too much. Mark said he had a right to ask because he was paying for Ashley's college and wanted Ashley to be there for him. Outraged by the statement, Ashley told Mark to stop the car and left immediately.

The next day, the girls got together. They enjoyed sunbathing by the pool. Rachel arrived with gifts for Gilly and Ashley. She also showed her friends her money. Gilly needed money to get into the art college she wanted, so she changed her mind and joined their project. Meanwhile, Ashley still didn't know what to do. 

While they were celebrating, Ashley got a phone call for an interview with an alumnus of Pressman College. She was very excited and rushed to the interview. Before she left, Ashley was confused about what to wear, so she wore the sweater Linda had given her to the interview. Her mother watched her with great pride. Ashley still looked a little upset, but her mother explained that she would keep trying and would support Ashley. She gave Ashley her necklace as a charm. Ashley was happy and hugged her mother. She forgave her mother for what had happened.

All right. At the interview, she was asked what she would do if she didn't pass. Ashley said she would work hard, ask for loans, and anything else that would get her into Pressman. The alumnus was happy to hear this and was confident that Ashley could do it.

That night, Ashley was reading a book when Mark showed up at her house and invited her to a coffee shop. Mark had told Ashley's parents about their relationship and kept assuring her that he could help her, but Ashley refused because she didn't want to hurt herself. Mark kissed Ashley out of the blue, and Ashley refused as she looked at Rachel at the coffee shop. Rachel then took Ashley to her room and scolded Ashley for pretending to be chased while sleeping with someone's husband. Ashley explained that the situation was different and that she had ended the arrangement with Mark in order to fend for herself. Rachel tried to convince Ashley not to do things half-heartedly and to get back with Mark so that she could live the life she wanted. Ashley was silent and thoughtful.

The next day, the girls scheduled a meeting with wealthy clients, and only Ashley had not agreed to go. After they convinced her, Ashley finally went because she needed money for college. They swam and relaxed with four rich men whose behavior began to resemble that of high-class prostitutes. Gilly, who was previously innocent, begins to dare to kiss an artist. While Janet and Rachel served the other men, Ashley was just swimming until a client asked Rachel to have Ashley accompany him. And Rachel convinced Ashley to come along. Meanwhile, Gilly felt uncomfortable, pushed the male artist, and decided to leave. Rachel tried to convince her to stay, but Gilly stuck to her decision and promised not to tell anyone about the experience.

Really did it. The next day, Ashley received the news that she had been accepted to Pressman College. She was thrilled, and so were her friends. Ashley was offered several scholarships, but she felt it was not enough, so she would still be with Rachel and Janet. Daniel also came to congratulate her. He gave Ashley a new dress. Ashley was very happy and hugged Daniel, but Ashley was still thinking about what she had done yesterday.

In the evening, as Ashley was taking many orders from customers, she suddenly received a message to go to Janet's house immediately. When she got there, she saw Janet crying bitterly. It turned out that she was pregnant by a client. Rachel berated Janet for forgetting to take her pills. Rachel suggested they abort the pregnancy, but Gilly was furious because she couldn't just do that. The next day, Ashley, Gilly, and Janet went to the hospital to check on her pregnancy. Janet looked scared because she was not ready to do this, but Ashley promised that she would always be there for her.

After Ashley and Gilly returned from the hospital, they went to see Rachel in the school cafeteria. Rachel said she couldn't come because she was scared of the hospital. Rachel opened the conversation by asking if Ashley was still interested in her project. Ashley was angry that Rachel had time to think about it right now. Gilly, fed up with Rachel, left the place. Ashley continued to think about how to pay her tuition, but there was only one way, and that was to join Rachel's project. She was still prostituting under the guise of babysitting, but this time, her client brought another woman to photograph Ashley as a lesbian. Ashley flatly refused. The next day, she complained to Rachel. She couldn't take it anymore and quit the program. Once again, Rachel told Ashley to promise to keep her mouth shut so she wouldn't get caught, and Ashley agreed.

The day of the school celebration came. The principal introduced her two best students, Ashley and Harper. That day, Ashley's parents were very proud of her accomplishments, but Ashley's eyes were on an old man she knew. He was Ashley's client, who had asked her to pose for a lesbian photo. Ashley rushed out to avoid him, but the man came up to Ashley and said hello. While the two were talking, Harper arrived and called him "Uncle." Ashley's client is Harper's uncle, and he already knows all of Ashley's secrets. Harper threatened Ashley that if she didn't back down from Pressman, all of her secrets would be revealed.

The next day, Harper handed out newspapers with news about high school prostitutes. It caught a lot of people's attention. The news became a hot topic in the community and at the police station. Ashley and her friends were also shocked by the news. Even Linda received the message and read it. Her husband, Mark, also read the message. Mark was shocked to see the news and immediately called his wife to make another excuse. He said he had to work overtime, but Linda could already smell the suspicion of Mark's plan. She asked Mark to come home right away to talk to her.

Once home, Linda asked Mark to confirm what he was doing with Ashley. Mark didn't want to admit it, but he didn't want to lie. He finally told her the truth, and it broke Linda's heart. She kicked Mark out and forbade him to see the children. Meanwhile, the situation at school was no less chaotic. Three friends, Ashley, Rachel, and Janet, were ostracized by their peers. Gilly was no longer with them because she had nothing to do with it. Daniel came to Ashley and expressed his disappointment. He also insulted Ashley because in his eyes, she was like a...

Ashley couldn't do anything about it. Her parents were very disappointed in Ashley's behavior. Insults and criticism poured in. Ashley's life was already ruined by the news. Finally, the principal called the three girls. He asked them to confirm that the news was true. Rachel admitted that she was the mastermind behind the whole thing. She deserved the punishment. The principal could not expel her with the rumors. He still couldn't believe what they had done. The investigation continued at the police station. The three girls were now being held for questioning. When asked if Rachel was the mastermind behind all of this, Ashley confirmed that she was. Ashley also confessed to having a sexual relationship with Mark. Mark promised Ashley money for college and helped her. The police soon arrested Mark at his home. His children cried as they saw their father in custody.

The mastermind, Rachel, admitted that she used Ashley's program to open an illegal prostitution business with miners and became their pimp. Upon hearing this, she was immediately arrested by the officers. Her parents would try to get a good lawyer for their daughter. Ashley and Janet waited for Rachel outside the interrogation room. Rachel came and hugged her two friends as she apologized. Meanwhile, Mark was waiting for the police to decide on his case. He was accused of many things, including sexual offenses and child rape. If proven, he would go to prison for 10 years.

Ashley also met with Linda at the police station. She looked remorseful and knew that her actions did not deserve forgiveness. Linda told her that Ashley's actions had caused her and her husband to divorce. She never thought that someone as kind and innocent as Ashley would hurt her. Because of this incident, Ashley was rejected by Pressman and chose Harper to be admitted to Pressman. Ashley was caught off guard, as if struck by lightning. All of her hard work was instantly destroyed. This forced her to go to Community College and work part-time.

Graduation day came, and Ashley and Janet went to see Rachel, who was still in jail. They were both banned from attending the ceremony because they had disgraced the school, so they celebrated with Rachel. They chatted and laughed together. They chose to forget and move on. Eight months had passed, and now Ashley was seen working in a coffee shop. Gilly came to visit her at work. She looked different, dressed in a black leather jacket and mini skirt. She was now an art student. Ashley herself was still working to raise money to attend UC. She was currently studying at a community college. Daniel came into the coffee shop where Ashley worked. Their eyes met as Gilly left the cafe. The love of the past seemed to linger over Daniel, but he still doubted if Ashley was the right person, or vice versa.